Update Software authentication docs (#3074)
astronomer/docs: software/integrate-auth-system.md

In addition to the default methods, Astronomer provides the option to integrate any IdP that follows the [Open Id Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/connect/) protocol. This includes (but is not limited to):

- [Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/v2-protocols-oidc)
- [Okta](https://www.okta.com)
- IdPs managed through [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
- [Amazon Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

After you integrate your IdP, you can invite users that already have an account on your IdP to Astronomer Software. For a more advanced integration, you can configure [SCIM](#manage-users-and-teams-with-scim) so that you can manage users directly from your IdP and import batches of users into Astronomer Software as [Teams](import-idp-groups.md).

:::info

The following setups assume that you are using the default Astronomer [implicit flow](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.2) as your authorization flow. To implement a custom authorization flow, see [Configure a Custom OAuth Flow](integrate-auth-system.md#configure-a-custom-oauth-flow).

:::

## Setup

<Tabs
    groupId="setup"

>     defaultValue="azuread"

Author: ```suggestion
    defaultValue="entraid"
```

            discoveryUrl: "https://<okta-base-domain>/.well-known/openid-configuration"
```

Then, push the configuration change to your platform. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md).

> **Note:** `okta-base-domain` will be different from the base domain of your Software installation.See [Okta documentation for finding your domain](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/getting_started/finding_your_domain/) if you are unsure what this value should be.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="autho">

If you manage your identity provider through Auth0, follow these steps to configure the identity provider for Astro.

#### Step 1: Create an Auth0 tenant domain

Follow the Auth0 documentation to [create a tenant](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/auth0-overview/create-tenants). You can use the default domain name or your own unique `tenant-name`. Your full tenant domain will look something like `astronomer.auth0.com`.

> > **Note:** Your full tenant domain may differ if you've created it outside of the United States.

Author: ```suggestion
:::info

Your full tenant domain may differ if you've created it outside of the United States.

:::
```

3. Open the **Connections** tab. You should see your new connection here. Enable your new connection, and disable any connections that you won't be using.
4. Open the **Settings** tab.
5. Under **Allowed Callback URLs**, add `https://houston.<your-astronomer-base-domain>/v1/oauth/redirect/`.
6. Under **Allowed Logout URLs**, add `https://app.<your-astronomer-base-domain>/logout`.
7. Under **Allowed Origins (CORS)**, add `https://*.<your-astronomer-base-domain>`.
8. Go to `https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/us/<tenant-name>/apis`.
9. Click `+ Create API`.
10. Under **Name**, enter `astronomer-ee`.
11. Under **Identifier**, enter `astronomer-ee`.
12. Leave the value under **Signing Algorithm** as `RS256`.

#### Step 4: Enable Auth0 in your config.yaml file

Add the following to your `config.yaml` file in your `astronomer` directory:

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      auth:
        openidConnect:
          auth0:
            enabled: true
            clientId: "<default-app-client-id>"
            discoveryUrl: https://<tenant-name>.auth0.com
```
Then, push the configuration change to your platform as described in [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md).

> > **Note:** You can find your `clientID` value at `https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/us/<tenant-name>/applications` listed next to 'Default App'.

Author: This is leftover formatting from the olden days that I forgot to fix here. Any time we see it, we should remove it

> > **Note:** You can find your `clientID` value at `https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/us/<tenant-name>/applications` listed next to 'Default App'.

Author: ```suggestion
:::info 
You can find your `clientID` value at `https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/us/<tenant-name>/applications` listed next to 'Default App'.
:::
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="awscognito">

#### Step 1: Create a user pool in Cognito

Start by creating a user pool in Cognito. You can either review the default settings or step through them to customize.

Make sure that you create an `App client`, which is the OpenID client configuration that we will use to authenticate against. You do not need to generate a client secret, as Astronomer is a public client that uses implicit flow.

> Once the pool and app client are created, open `App integration` >`App client settings` and configure the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Auth0 creates the pool and app client, open `App integration` >`App client settings` and configure the following settings:
```

- Select an identity provider to use (either the built-in cognito user pool or a federated identity provider).
- Set the callback URL parameter to `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect/`.
- Enable `Implicit grant` in `Allowed OAuth Flows`. Leave the other settings disabled.
- Enable `email`, `openid`, and `profile` in `Allowed OAuth Scopes`.

> Then switch over to the `Domain name` tab and select a unique domain name to use for your hosted Cognito components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, switch to the **Domain name** tab and select a unique domain name to use for your hosted Cognito components.
```

#### Step 2: Edit your Astronomer configuration

Add the following values to your `config.yaml` file in the `astronomer/` directory:

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    config:
      auth:
        openidConnect:
          cognito:
            enabled: true
            clientId: <client_id>
            discoveryUrl: https://cognito-idp.<AWS-REGION>.amazonaws.com/<COGNITO-POOL-ID>/.well-known/openid-configuration
            authUrlParams:
              response_type: token
```

Your Cognito pool ID can be found in the `General settings` tab of the Cognito portal. Your client ID is found in the `App clients` tab.

> Once you've saved your `config.yaml` file with these values, push it to your platform. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you save your `config.yaml` file with these values, push it to your platform. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md).
```
Is *push* the correct verb? Is it a sync, a command?

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="localauth">

To let users authenticate to Astronomer with a local username and password, follow the steps below.

> 1. Enable Local Auth in your `config.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable `local auth` in your `config.yaml` file:
```

    ```

4. Save and push your changes. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md).

## Next steps

> After

Reviewer: Missing some content here!

> 
> ## Next steps
> 
> After

Author: ```suggestion
```
